You want some?
Uh, you know, I'm gonna get my own.
Your own?
It's natural water like we always do...(heartbroken ;m;)
I don't think it's going to be enough.
Be right back.
(Shrugs)
(Phone vibrates)
Hey, baby, movie's about to start, what's up?
Is Chris with you?
Yep. Well no, not at the moment he's uh getting more popcorn. Dumbass is totally going to miss the trailers.
Don't you think it's weird that Chris always leaves right before the trailer?
So? He just likes popcorn.
Yeah, but it's like clockwork.
So what are you trying to say?
I think Chris is a movie cheater.
What? (sputters) No- No, what? What are you talk- what?
Chris would never do that to me. I mean, do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?
Okay, I'm sorry I even brought it up. I love you. Kay?
Love you.
What are you doing?
Yo, dude, where were you? I thought you were gonna miss the trailers.
Dude, I never miss the trailers with you.
Got you this.
Sweet, thanks.
(Laughter)
(More laughter)
Hey, um... I'm gonna get a drink. You want anything?
I already got you one.
Oh.
You know, I kinda feel like a Dr. Pepper.
I'll go with you.
No, no! No, Phil, you can't.
You have you to stay and tell me what I miss.
I'll be right back.
(mouths) What?
Hey honey. You're right.
I knew it! Honey, you're in denial. He's obviously still watching films with Manny.
But he told me he would stop a long time ago.
Oh my God. That's what they all [say]
You need to respect yourself and confront him or you're sleeping on the couch tonight. I love you. Okay. I'll see you at home?
Don't forget the milk.
Shh!
You shush!
Sorry.
What took you so long?
They ran out of popcorn, so (shrugs).
They ran out of popcorn? At a movie theatre?
It happens.
Hey, I got you this, though.
Bro is this a sprite?
Yep.
You're the best.
I have to go to the restroom. I'll be right back.
No. N- Wha? Smallest bladder...
(Laughter)
(laughing) I almost missed it.
Chris, what are you doing here?
Phil, what? What are you doing out here?
I'm looking for you.
Why'd you just come out of that theater?
Uh... I got turned around.
Where's the Sprite that I just got you?
I actually drank it, but hey, listen. We're gonna miss the movie. Let's go!
Are you still watching movies with Manny?
(Stammers)
But why why why are you acting like this?
Just answer the question.
Chris?
You...!
Phil, I can explain.
Yeah, please explain Chris. I would love to hear this too.
You told me that you would stop watching movies with...that, a long time ago.
Whoa, bro, I don't know who think you are, but Chris and I have been watching movies together since elementary school.
Is that the Sprite that I just bought you?
Did you two share this drink?
(hurls)
How could you do this? We made a promise!
Every week, I would get an extra large popcorn and a drink. I even save a seat for you.
Just a little left of center just how you like it.
He likes it to the right of center. Shows how much you know.
Dude you want to take [it] to the condiment section?
Oh, you do not want to step up.
Oh, I wanna to step up to the streets.
I wanna Step Up 3D!
I wanna Step Up 3D IMAX!
I wanna Step Up Revolution!
I wanna- There will be more!
Stop! Guys, stop! Listen. I'm sorry that I lied to both of you, okay?
(dramatic music)
Manny, listen, I know we made a promise dude, but
We were so young, you know? As I grew up. I realized I like movies other than big-budget Sci-Fi.
After a while, it felt like an obligation with you. It was the same routine, the same snacks. I felt trapped.
Phil, it was eye-opening watching artsy movies with you.
but, I still and will always love Michael Bay movies.
I felt like you would judge me so I lied about it
Michael Bay??
Look, maybe I wanted to get caught
It was kind of dumb watching movies with you guys at the exact same time all these years.
Yeah, yeah, that was pretty dumb.
Yeah, it was pretty stupid.
But I'm glad I came clean about it
So what now?
Maybe the three of us can watch your movie together
(slap)
Movie whore!
(Laughing)
Aliza?!
Porter...
I thought you [said] you weren't having coffee with Christine anymore.
Step up to the streets. I want to step up evolution. I want to step up every three